README.md, before:

# Rainbow Canvas Drawing 🎨

Welcome to the **Rainbow Canvas Drawing** project! This project uses the HTML5 Canvas element and JavaScript to create a colorful drawing application. As you draw on the canvas, the line color changes through the hues of the rainbow, and the line width oscillates between thick and thin.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

The Rainbow Canvas Drawing project is a fun and interactive way to explore the capabilities of the HTML5 Canvas API and JavaScript. The project demonstrates how to capture mouse events, draw on the canvas, and dynamically change the stroke style and width.

## Features

- Draw with changing colors through the rainbow spectrum.
- Oscillating line width for dynamic drawing effects.
- Simple and intuitive interface.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Rainbow-Canvas-Drawing.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd Rainbow-Canvas-Drawing
```

3. Open index.html in your web browser:

```bash
open index.html
```

or simply drag and drop the index.html file into your browser.

## Usage

1. Open the project in your browser.
2. Click and drag your mouse on the canvas to draw.
3. Observe the changing colors and line width as you draw.

## Extra Features

1. Brush Size Selector: Uses a range input element to let users change the brush size.
2. Eraser Tool: Adds a button to switch the drawing color to white, simulating an eraser.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and use a feature branch. Pull requests are welcome.

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create your feature branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature).
3. Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature').
4. Push to the branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature).
5. Open a pull request.

Commit message:

feat : implemented save drawing feature.

README.md, after:

# Rainbow Canvas Drawing 🎨

Welcome to the **Rainbow Canvas Drawing** project! This project uses the HTML5 Canvas element and JavaScript to create a colorful drawing application. As you draw on the canvas, the line color changes through the hues of the rainbow, and the line width oscillates between thick and thin.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

The Rainbow Canvas Drawing project is a fun and interactive way to explore the capabilities of the HTML5 Canvas API and JavaScript. The project demonstrates how to capture mouse events, draw on the canvas, and dynamically change the stroke style and width.

## Features

- Draw with changing colors through the rainbow spectrum.
- Oscillating line width for dynamic drawing effects.
- Simple and intuitive interface.

## Extra Features

- Brush Size Selector: Uses a range input element to let users change the brush size.
- Eraser Tool: Adds a button to switch the drawing color to white, simulating an eraser.
- Save Button: Allows users to save their drawings as a PNG file.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Rainbow-Canvas-Drawing.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd Rainbow-Canvas-Drawing
```

3. Open index.html in your web browser:

```bash
open index.html
```

or simply drag and drop the index.html file into your browser.

## Usage

1. Open the project in your browser.
2. Click and drag your mouse on the canvas to draw.
3. Observe the changing colors and line width as you draw.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and use a feature branch. Pull requests are welcome.

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create your feature branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature).
3. Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature').
4. Push to the branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature).
5. Open a pull request.
